

TODO: Some Scenarios must be completed with references to other scenarios

***********

1. Scenario: Luca registers his new Powernenjoy account.

Luca accesse the system via the mobile app for the first time and it has to choose whether to log in with his credentials or create a new account.
Luca chooses to register a new account; the system shows a form that must be filled with Luca’s credentials and payment information.
Luca fills the form and gives confirmation to the system.
Luca receives an email with the confirmation of the registration and the password that Luca will use to access the system.


2. Scenario: Luca books a car and doesn’t pick up it within one hour from the reservation.

Luca reserves a free car by means of the mobile app.
As the time goes by, Luca realizes that he doesn’t need the car anymore but doesn’t cancel his reservation.
After one hour from when Luca made it, the reservation is cancelled and the car can be reserved by some other user.
Luca receives a notification on its smartphone that informs him about the cancellation of his reservation and the fee of 1 EUR because of the expiration of the reservation.


3. Scenario: Luca parks the car in a safe area and leaves it.

Luca arrives in a safe area and decides to park the car.
Luca stops the engine, leaves the key in the appropriate location and exits the car.
As he closes the door, the system locks the car automatically and stops charging the user.
Luca receives a notification on his smartphone that informs him about the end of the ride.

4. Scenario: Luca parks and the car and leaves it with no more than 50% of the battery empty.

Luca parks the car in a safe area and leaves it.
The system behaves as described in Scenario number …
At the moment of closing the service, the system checks the status the car’s battery.
If the battery is left with no more than 50% of the battery empty, the system applies a 20% discount on the ride.
Luca receives a notification on his smartphone that informs him about the end of the ride and the discount that has been applied thanks to his virtuous behavior.


5. Scenario: Luca reserves a car and enables the “money saving option”.

Luca wants to reserve a car.
Luca chooses the car as described by Scenario number… and decides to active the money saving option in order to get a discount on the ride.
The system shows on the map the locations where Luca can leave the car in order to the get the discount.
Luca proceeds with the confirmation of the registration.

 